https://codepen.io/KayakKevin/pen/wvMmxLz?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTMLwhich defines clearly the content within in terms of structure. 
    2. What is HTML used for? The framing and markup of a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It is something which provides additional information 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is the top title of a page and should be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. href and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Metadata, title, and doctype
    7. What is an id? An individual identifier for an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element that could use a class except it can be used once.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? An identifier for a class of items that will share traits. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Ones which divide into sections such as <div>
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as is usable.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Use the anchor tag and the href 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It defines the image for text readers and to make more understandable for a editor.
    15. How do I reference an id? with the "#" symbol
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? The section tag is used to group main page elements like chapters, headers, and footers while the <div> tag is used to group elements for CSS
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? Type h2 followed by {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An Id would be used to style a single element, while a class would be used to style multiple elements in the same way. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a "." for example: ".class"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? "p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A selector which selects only the elements nested within the parent. e.g. div > p
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? ".sidebar href
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector that only changes something under a certain condition like ":hover"
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? the line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? the letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? For everything, select body and use text-transform: capitalize; text-transform: lowercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? the "*" selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? begin with /* and end with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? "pwd"
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? "ls"
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? "rm" because it deletes it without moving it to recycle bin
    34. Why should I use version control? It keeps a cohearent and workable product. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? Whenever finished changes are made.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? "git push" or "git push -u branch-name" for new forks
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork your own version of the code. Download it with git. create a new pull request so others can see changes. push changes to git as required!

